*eventhub* is a ruby client for an unexisting GitHub Event API. It fetches the events from your GitHub timeline by logging in to your account and parsing the html on the dashboard.

h2. Installation

The gem is not hosted on Rubygems. To install it, clone the gem from github and run rake install:

bc. git clone http://github.com/marcinbunsch/eventhub
cd eventhub
rake install

h2. Usage

Before using this gem you must require it by calling:

bc. require 'eventhub'

From then you can use the EventHub class to fetch events from your GitHub timeline.

bc. github = EventHub.new('your_username', 'your_password')
github.events

This will return an array of EventHub::Event objects.

Each EventHub::Event has the following properties:

* uuid - A SHA1 hash created from user name, repo name, time and kind of event
* kind - Type of event
* user - Name of user who triggered the event
* repo - Name of repo which is the subject of the event
* time - Time of event (in UTC)
* gravatar - Link to gravatar image of the user
* message - Description of the event

h2. Contribution

You're more than welcome to fork and improve this gem. Usual rules:

* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with Rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but
  bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request.

h2. Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Marcin Bunsch. See LICENSE for details.
